cclient: update README (#1004)
iotaledger/entangled: cclient/README.md

# IOTA CClient Library  

IOTA client library implementation in C.  

## Running test cases

```
bazel test //cclient/...
```

## Building library  

```
bazel build //cclient/api:libcclient.so
```

Output  

```
# shared libraries
./bazel-bin/cclient/api/libcclient.so
./bazel-bin/cclient/api/libapi_core.so
./bazel-bin/cclient/api/libapi_extended.so
# static libraries
./bazel-bin/cclient/api/libapi_core.a
./bazel-bin/cclient/api/libapi_extended.a
```

## Using CClient library  

> CClient library is a subproject in the entangled repository, for using this library you can:  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CClient library is a subproject in the entangled repository, in order to use this library you can:  
```

* Link CClient shared or static libraries to your application.

> * Create a bazel project and add CClient to the dependence.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Create a bazel project and add CClient to the dependencies.
```

```

> Second include `cclient/api/core/core_api.h` and `cclient/api/extended/extended_api.h` in the source code.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Second is to include `cclient/api/core/core_api.h` and/or `cclient/api/extended/extended_api.h` in the source code.  
```

> This is the example project: [iota_cclient_example](https://github.com/oopsmonk/iota_cclient_example)  

Reviewer: We should probably host examples in entangled at some point

Author: This is an example of bazel project, will not host in entangled, but If you were talking about the code implementation, yes, it will be.
